many times video games are the
escape from the absurd reality that
we live today without a doubt the
video games are a good source of
entertainment but even in games
that are given as masterpieces are
manages to find a huge source of
terror not only being images in
screen but also many times they are
an auditory source like the sounds
some special effects or the
soundtrack so today I bring you the 10
video game songs more
disturbing
number 10
pokemons has always been and will be one of
the most beloved franchises made by
nintendo but it has always been involved
in trouble a number of causes that
they have been made a very dark saga
gloomy and even tenebrous
one of these reasons is the song of
town band
according to the creepy pasta the song
original had a little sound waves
audible to adult ears in
change the children if they could hear those
low frequencies which made the
listening to them will cause them fear anxiety
terror and will infuse in some cases
wishes to commit suicide
number 9
when you hear Kirby almost always
imagine a little rosadito character
small and in a circle although
be in all its games shapes and sizes
there is always a small part of the
games that is enough
frightening enough to appear on a top
of terror the terrifying of kyrov and it
you can find in many games
including the crystal sharp kirby
for nintendo 64 at the rifle level
star letter cons
the music of this level is helped
quite because of its gloomy and dark background
with lightning and a castle in the background
a feeling of terror and despair
joe
number 8
if I would search for everything that trick
or the earth bound would never end but
as they say, let's start with the
principle and when I talk about the beginning
I sincerely talk about the beginning
generally the rpg games start
asking you for your name or the name that you
you want to give to your player but in the
bound is different you have to give it
name all the players or
simply on the button there is kate and
so the game will put the original name
of the player
but when you start to name it
to the protagonist or is it putting a
weird sound like white noise
and some voices that seem to many children
He is screaming for something while listening
how to tune a radio and a voice and
lived mind as of the name followed by
a quiet background with low sonar
surely when you played this part
of the game you thought it had broken or
I had an error but this is not a
of the most grim things that the
band
number 7
Attention if you are sensitive to very
dark or dark I recommend you have
discretion when watching this video from
this point
you will usually hear sounds and backgrounds
with strange and strange voices be careful
if you are scary